README.md, before:

## roulette-game


Roulette game is a test task for the position of junior iOS developer. The application is written in the swift language on the MVP-C architecture and using Firebase.
The application has authorization through mail, Google account and anonymous authorization. There is also registration through the mail.

## Sign in

### with email

![Simulator Screen Recording - iPhone 14 Pro - 2022-12-09 at 04 46 06](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61950177/206613016-1bb53426-6ec4-4db2-8173-6deab993f0a5.gif)

### with google

![Запись экрана 2022-12-09 в 04 50 14](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61950177/206613576-5d4e64b1-4d53-4f87-a558-92cc34e5e943.gif)

### in anonymously

![Запись экрана 2022-12-09 в 05 00 10](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61950177/206614629-43c135c2-c2fe-4d44-8dc7-0bff65f63775.gif)

## Sign up

![Запись экрана 2022-12-09 в 05 02 50](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61950177/206615093-70806158-3e01-4ccb-8fe8-faa376d02958.gif)

Commit message:

added description of main module

README.md, after:

## roulette-game


Roulette game is a test task for the position of junior iOS developer. The application is written in the swift language on the MVP-C architecture and using Firebase.
The application has authorization through mail, Google account and anonymous authorization. There is also registration through the mail.

## Auth

### Sign in with email

![Simulator Screen Recording - iPhone 14 Pro - 2022-12-09 at 04 46 06](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61950177/206613016-1bb53426-6ec4-4db2-8173-6deab993f0a5.gif)

### Sign in with google

![Запись экрана 2022-12-09 в 04 50 14](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61950177/206613576-5d4e64b1-4d53-4f87-a558-92cc34e5e943.gif)

### Sign in anonymously

![Запись экрана 2022-12-09 в 05 00 10](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61950177/206614629-43c135c2-c2fe-4d44-8dc7-0bff65f63775.gif)

### Sign up

![Запись экрана 2022-12-09 в 05 02 50](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61950177/206615093-70806158-3e01-4ccb-8fe8-faa376d02958.gif)

## Main screen

The main screen is a UITabBarController with 3 tabs (Game, Rating and Settings).

### Settings screen 

This video shows the functionality that allows you to rate the app and share the app

![ vidio](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61950177/206616083-8c9268a3-a17c-4877-a4c6-072292cd82f7.gif)

This video shows the functionality that allows you to log out of your account. As well as functionality that allows you to delete an account

![Запись экрана 2022-12-09 в 05 18 47](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61950177/206617070-f76bbe02-174d-4652-b25b-e3fb51c67d88.gif)

### Game screen 

Game screen in progress...

Roulette wheel animation and ball animation. For animation, native iOS api was used - CoreAnimation

![Запись экрана 2022-12-09 в 05 43 46](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61950177/206619654-9b551c0f-180d-483c-a1d2-e5aea531df81.gif)

### Rating screen 

Rating screen in progress...
